69153: Added license update info (#990)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/vendor/licenses-about-types.md

open source version of your application.

:::note

> Not all accounts support community licenses. To enable community licenses, contact [support@replicated.com](mailto:support@replicated.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Community licenses are available as part of the [Enterprise Plan](https://www.replicated.com/pricing). To enable community licenses, contact [support@replicated.com](mailto:support@replicated.com).
```
